[RHACS] [Docs] [rhacs-docs-main] ROX-30984: Removing callouts across ACS documentation (#103150)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/google-workload-identity-federation-openshift.adoc

----
$ gcloud iam service-accounts add-iam-policy-binding <GSA_NAME>@<GSA_PROJECT>.iam.gserviceaccount.com \
    --role roles/iam.workloadIdentityUser \
    --member="principal://iam.googleapis.com/projects/<GSA_PROJECT_NUMBER>/locations/global/workloadIdentityPools/rhacs-provider/subject/system:serviceaccount:stackrox:central"
----
+
where:
+
--

> <GSA_PROJECT_NUMBER>:: Specifies that for delegated scanning, you must set the subject to *system:serviceaccount:stackrox:sensor*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<system:serviceaccount:stackrox:central>:: Specifies the subject. For delegated scanning, you must set the subject to *system:serviceaccount:stackrox:sensor*.
```
